#summary Text for text to speech reader

*[B]* Beginner - play if the user matches certain criteria.

*[A]* Advanced - play if the user selects advanced help.

*[E]* Every time - play every time the user performs the appropriate action.

*[H]* Help - play this when the user presses the help key.

Layout for each tip should be |Where I am|What I can do|

*Enter Story Creation* 
 * *[E]* Welcome to Sami Says story creation.  (creation_welcome.wav)

*Empty Story - No title (Only Record and Help keys enabled)*
 * *[E][H]* Your story needs a title.  Hold down the space bar and say the title into the microphone. (needs_title.wav)

     
*Title Recorded - No other clips *

 * *[E][H]* You now have a title to an empty story.  You can press and hold the space bar to record the first sound clip, or press the down arrow to insert a sound effect. ([H]Play title) (after_title.wav)


*First Clip is Inserted*
 * *[E][H]* You now have one clip and a title.  You may use the space bar to record another sound clip after the clip you just heard and the left and right arrow keys to move through your clips.  You can also insert sound effects after the clip you just heard with the down arrow. ([H]Play current clip) (after_first_clip.wav)

*Second Clip is Inserted - User is now on their own*

 * *[E][H]* You are working on a story that has multiple story clips and a title.  You may use the space bar to record another sound clip after the clip you just heard and the left and right arrow keys to move through your clips.  You can also insert sound effects after the clip you just heard with the down arrow. If you are unhappy with a clip you  just heard, press the up arrow key to delete it. ([H]Play current clip) (creation_instructions.wav)
 

*Sound Effect Insertion Selection*
 * *[E][H]* You are now searching through the sound effects.  Use the up and down arrows to hear the sound effects in a category and the left and right arrows to change categories. ([H]Play category - effect)

*User Selects Delete*
 * _On a Clip_ Are you sure you would like to delete the clip you just heard?  Press up to delete it or down to cancel.
 * _On the title_ Are you sure you would like to delete the title?  If you delete the title, you will have to record another one.  Press up to delete it or down to cancel.
{{{
_________________________________________________________________________________________

}}}
*Beginner*

*Enter Story Creation* 
 * Welcome to Sami Says story creation.  (creation_welcome.wav)

*Empty Story - No title (Only Record and Help keys enabled)*
 * *[H]* Your story needs a title.  Hold down the space bar and say the title into the microphone. (needs_title.wav)
   * _User records title_ 
     
*Title Recorded - No other clips *
 * *[H]* <play title> You just heard your title repeated.  If you are unhappy with the title, you may delete it by pressing the up arrow.  Otherwise, press and hold the space bar to record the first sound clip in your story. (b_after_title.wav)
  * _User deletes title_ - Move up one level.
  * _User records a clip_ - Move down one level.

*First Clip is Inserted*
 * *[H]* You have a story with a sound clip and a title.  If you are ever unhappy with the clip you just heard, you may delete it by pressing the up arrow. Otherwise, you may use the space bar to record another sound clip after the clip you just heard, or you can also insert sound effects after the clip you just heard with the down arrow.
  * _User deletes clip_ - Move up one level.
  * _User records a clip /inserts an effect_ - Move down one level

*Second Clip is Inserted - User is now on their own*

 * *[H]* You are working on a story that has multiple story clips and a title.  You may use the space bar to record another sound clip after the clip you just heard and the left and right arrow keys to move through your clips.  You can also insert sound effects after the clip you just heard with the down arrow. If you are unhappy with a clip you  just heard, press the up arrow key to delete it. (creation_instructions.wav)
 

*Sound Effect Insertion Selection*
 * *[H]* You are now searching through the sound effects.  Use the up and down arrows to hear the sound effects in a category and the left and right arrows to change categories.