#summary AUIStoryCreation and GUIStories Class Breakdown

*Description*

AUI - Enables students to navigate and access functionality of their “StoryBook”.  Active when in “locked” mode.
GUI – Enables students to navigate and access functionality of a student’s “StoryBook”.  Has addition functionality.  Active when in “unlocked” mode.

*Mode Switching*

A user can switch between AUI and GUI by locking/unlocking.  The lock can be toggled either by clicking the Lock/Unlock button on the GUI or by pressing CTRL-SHIFT-TAB.  

*Functionality Differences*

When locked, the GUI is disabled (except for the Lock/Unlock button) and the frame maintains focus.  All keys are caught by the AUI and audio cues are given. In When locked, the GUI is disabled (except for the Lock/Unlock button) and the frame maintains focus.  All keys are caught by the AUI and audio cues are given.  When unlocked, the GUI is accessible and audio cues are not given.  Most keys are caught by the GUI for navigation (tab/arrows) and selection (enter/space).  In locked mode, Escape returns to the “Bookshelf”.  In unlocked mode, the user cannot return to the “Bookshelf” or exit.  This is to ensure a student does not accidentally alter another student’s stories.
When unlocked, the GUI is accessible and audio cues are not given.  Most keys are caught by the GUI for navigation (tab/arrows) and selection (enter/space).  In unlocked mode, Escape returns to the “Bookshelf”.  Also, the user is able to publish stories (assign if in Teacher Templates) or return to the “Bookshelf” through the GUI.

