#summary Tasks the typical user might want to complete
#labels AssignedDocuments


===Teacher Use Cases===
*
 # Starting the Application
 # Adding a New Student
 # Deleting a Student
 # Assigning a Student a New Assignment
 # Letting the Student Resume Work on an Existing Assignment
 # Prioritizing sounds
 # Playing a Student's Story
 # Giving a Text Name to a Student's Story
 # Exporting a Student's Story
 # Deleting a Student's Story
 # _Advanced_: Importing Sound File Into Library
*

*T1.  Starting the Application*
  * The application will be started by the click of an icon or access via the start menu.

*T2. Adding a New Student*
  * The teacher starts the application with a click.
  * The teacher selects "Stories" from the splash screen.
  * The teacher clicks the "New" button.
  * The teacher enters the student's name.
  * The teacher selects "Add Student".

*T3.  Deleting a Student*
  * The teacher starts the application with a click.
  * The teacher selects "Stories" from the splash screen.
  * The teacher highlights the student to be deleted.
  * The teacher clicks the "Delete" button.
  * A confirm dialog appears to avoid unplanned deletion.

*T4.  Assigning the Student a New Assignment*
  * The teacher starts the application with a click.
  * THe teacher selects "Stories" from the splash screen.
  * The teacher then selects the student from the list.
  * The teacher selects "New Story".
  * The teacher gives control of the application to the student.

*T5.  Letting the Student Resume Work on an Existing Assignment*
  * The teacher starts the application with a click.
  * The teacher selects "Stories" from the splash screen.
  * The teacher then selects the student from the list.
  * The teacher can select a specific story to work on or allow the student to choose it through the audio interface.
  * The teacher gives control of the application to the student.

*T6.  Prioritizing Sounds*
  * The teacher starts the application with a click.
  * The teacher selects "Manage Sounds" from the splash screen.
  * The teacher selects "Prioritize Sounds".
  * The teacher selects specific sounds and/or entire sound categories to prioritize.

*T7.  Playing a Student's Story*
  * The teacher starts the application with a click.
  * The teacher selects "Stories" from the splash screen.
  * The teacher then selects the student from the list.
  * The teacher selects the story to be played.
  * The teacher clicks the "Play" button.

*T8.  Giving a Text Name to a Student's Story*
  * The teacher starts the application with a click.
  * The teacher selects "Stories" from the splash screen.
  * The teacher then selects the student from the list.
  * The teacher selects the story to be named.
  * The teacher clicks the "Add Text Title" button
  * The teacher types the text title into the dialog box and clicks "OK".

*T9.  Exporting a Student's Story*
  * The teacher starts the application with a click.
  * The teacher selects "Stories" from the splash screen.
  * The teacher then selects the student from the list.
  * The teacher highlights the story to be exported.
  * The teacher clicks the "Export" button.
  * The teacher selects the file type and file name and clicks save on the export dialog.

*T10. Deleting a Student's Story*
  * The teacher starts the application with a click.
  * The teacher selects "Stories" from the splash screen.
  * The teacher then selects the student from the list.
  * The teacher selects the story and clicks the "Delete" button.
  * A confirm dialog appears to avoid unplanned deletion.

*T11. _Advanced:_ Importing Sound File Into Library*
  * The teacher starts the applications with a click.
  * The teacher selects "Sounds".
  * The teacher then clicks the "Import Sound(s)" button.
  * A file dialog box opens.
  * The teacher browses to the desired sound file or package for importation.
  * If it is a single sound: 
     * The teacher chooses a category for the sound from a list.
     * If desired category does not exist, the teacher selects "Add New Category" and types in a name.
  * The file is imported into the library.  
  * A dialog pops up to let the teacher know the file has been imported.  
  * The dialog asks if the teacher wishes for the source file to be deleted.

=== Student Use Cases ===
*
 # Starting a New Story
 # Opening a Saved Story
 # Recording a Story as Consecutive Segments
 # Inserting Sound Effects in a Consecutive Segment Story
 # Saving and Exiting a Story
 # _Advanced:_ Recording and Editing a Story

*

*S1.  Starting a New Story*
 * The teacher navigates to the student's stories and gives control to the student.
 * The student hears the instructions for the main screen.
 * The student presses the UP arrow key to start a new story.
 * The student hears the instructions for a new story.

*S2.  Opening a Saved Story*
 * The teacher navigates to the student's stories and gives control to the student.
 * The student is played the instructions for the main screen.
 * The student uses the LEFT and RIGHT arrow keys to navigate to the story s/he wishes to open.
 * The title of each story is played as the student navigates, and the student may interrupt the title at any time to move to the next story.
 * The student presses the SPACE BAR to select the desired story.
 * The student is played instructions for editing an existing story.

*S3.  Recording a Story as Consecutive Segments*
 * The student opens an existing story or starts a new story.
 * If the story is new:
    * The student records the title of the story by pressing and holding the SPACE BAR and speaking into the microphone.
    * The recording completes with the release of the SPACE BAR.
    * The title is played and the student may press the UP arrow key to erase it and start over. 
 * The student records segments by pressing and holding the SPACE BAR and speaking into the microphone.
 * The recording completes with the release of the SPACE BAR.
 * The segment is played and the student may press the UP arrow key to erase it and rerecord.
 * To record the next segment, the student presses and holds the SPACE BAR and speaks again.

*S4.  Inserting Sound Effects in a Consecutive Segment Story*
 * The student begins recording a story as in S3.
 * When the student desires to insert a sound effect, s/he presses the DOWN arrow key.
 * The student uses the LEFT and RIGHT arrow keys to navigate through the different categories.
 * The name of each category is played as the student navigates, and the student may interrupt the name at any time to move to the next category.
 * When the student finds the desired category, the s/he navigates with the UP and DOWN keys between the different sounds in the category.
 * Each sound is played as the student navigates, and the student may interrupt the sound at any time to move to the next sound.
 * The student may also press the LEFT or RIGHT arrow keys to again navigate between categories.
 * When the desired sound is found, the student presses the SPACE BAR to insert the sound in the story.
 * The sound is repeated and the student may press the DOWN arrow key to delete the sound.
 * At this point, the student continues as in S3.

*S5.  _Advanced:_ Recording and Editing a Story*
 * The student begins recording a story as in S3.
 * After recording a title, the student may use the LEFT and RIGHT arrow keys to navigate between the story's segments.
 * Each segment will begin playing as it is navigatd to.
 * The playing will be interrupted by any of the following key actions:
  * UP to delete the segment, after which the previous segment will automatically be navigated to and begin playing.
  * DOWN to insert a sound effect as described in S4.
  * LEFT or RIGHT to navigate.
  * CTRL to play the full story and (possibly) save and exit as described in S5.
 * Any added sounds or recordings will be placed after the segment that has last been repeated.
 * If the student attempts to navigate past the end or beginning, the last or first segment will be repeated respectively. 
 * If the student deletes the title, s/he will be prompted to record a new one.

*S6.  Saving and Exiting a Story*
 * The student creates their story as in S3, S4, and S5.
 * When ready to save, the student presses CTRL to have the story played back in its entirety.
 * After the story is played, the student will be asked to press CTRL again if s/he would like to save and exit.  Otherwise the student is to continue creating as before.
 * If the student presses CTRL, s/he is notified that the story has been succesfully saved and is returned to the project or Free Play menu.