A) Paula is a cold hearted and cruel woman
B) We feel sorry for the kids she teaches and the lack of a nurturing environment they must grow up in

Bugs
* Right arrow doesn't cycle through sounds properly
* Manipulating the title duplicates the title as the first clip and then manipulates the title... problem is likely with trying to delete the title?
* When naming a new story or student, make sure nothing shares its name (is this the way renaming works?)

Ideas
* Corey's first good idea: Confirm exit on story (double escape)
* Some think that a "new story" in the story list is a good idea.  I personally think its not.

Sounds to add
* More babies
* Crashing cars
* Glass breaking
* Fairy dust... omg

Instructions
* Make record pronounced Re-chord
* Navigate = Move through story
* Find category -> find sound category.

Story Manager 
* Edit the story with the up arrow, new with space...

Story Creation
* Up arrow should begin sound insertion, select categories, and select sound effects.
* Down arrow will always do nothing?

Manual
* Sound library management... just a reminder to me (Ed).
* Multiple manipulations to one clip

Goals that are never gonna happen and Paula needs to get over it:
* Read out buttons as they are tabbed over
* Number the buttons and allow input from a keypad while in gui mode, just in case blind teachers are somehow able to navigate to the story manager and then forget all their computer skills as they transform into some sort of Paula-like lower lifeform.
